DOCS-#2944: Document `modin.engines.ray` (#2993)
modin-project/modin: docs/flow/modin/engines/ray/pandas_on_ray/frame/axis_partition.rst

PandasOnRayFrameAxisPartition
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> The class is specific implementation of :py:class:`~modin.engines.base.frame.axis_partition.PandasFrameAxisPartition`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This class is the specific implementation of :py:class:`~modin.engines.base.frame.axis_partition.PandasFrameAxisPartition`,
```

providing the API to perform operations on an axis partition, using Ray as an execution engine. The axis partition is

> made up of list of block partitions that are stored in this class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a wrapper over a list of block partitions that are stored in this class.
```

PandasOnRayFrameAxisPartition
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> The class is specific implementation of ``PandasFrameAxisPartition``, providing an API

Reviewer 2: Link on this class isn't working ([readthedocs link](https://modin--2993.org.readthedocs.build/en/2993/flow/modin/engines/ray/pandas_on_ray/frame/axis_partition.html))

> The class is specific implementation of ``PandasFrameAxisPartition``, providing an API

Author: fixed
